

Begin forwarded message:

From: John Lambert <anurean@icloud.com>
Date: 3/6/2021
To: dan@uplayme.com,dan@bolt.com,Dawn <therealfarmgirl@gmail.com>
Subject: COVID Head Count:::: Jane, You Alive?

Jane Mount,
Not to be a total pain in the bee-hynd....
Which I truly am...
Especially while kidnapped and among tribes and persons I am naturally at war with....


But....
I have decided I either need to go home, or collect my stock and hang out with Yuko Hasegawa: the one who attended school in Olpe Kansas. I understand she disappeared. So: I've been giving problems for her look-alikes and identity thieves.

The woman: is pretty much the Royal Court of Japan.
She's probably dead.
Anyone who looks like her: is probably somehow related, however its a big fat bourgeoise Asian B.S. circle.


So...
I want to go home.
The whole world is telling me to "Bolt" and make like "Grease Lightening" as I am no longer in human space. I am sort of needing to take a train or greyhound or whatever.

www.paypal.me/Anurean
https://www.amazon.com/hz/wishlist/genericItemsPage/1H5WHSCESYKE8

Could you get this info to Barb's Children?
The Streisand Estate in Florida?

I want to sit down and make myself presentable and look decent and NOT be stinky and gross.
It's a 2 day trip by train and 4 day trip by bus.
Its a week and a half to drive myself.


I need resource.
I could use like 800 dollars, tix to kansas + everything bought off an Amazon shopping list.


I now have my paypal card.
I now have an address.
My I.P. states I am in Oregon.
I am physically in Washington State.

My old address: has been hit by the midgets working within the Federal Government.
Why? Because my human mohawk self sassed the Half-Human President who has infiltrated human government on behalf of Munchkin Land.


Munchkins....
Need to take their butts down the Yellow Brick Road and not go any further than the Scarecrow.
Their job is to pick each grain of wheat by hand, and make some bread otherwise we will have to break their bones to make our bread.

We are trolls baby.
Trolls.
Everyone human...
Like trolls better than munchkins.


Now then....
Jane...
Could you be kind enough to find someone to maybe split the costs and such?

The Asian stock, the Ethereum will probably kill me....
So: it's best I drop it and go back on disability.
Either that or Ethereum come pick me up with a check and/or drop it into my paypal account.


Its 3 or 4 or 5 hundred or so for the shopping list...
A change of clothes, a purse, a few things.

https://www.amazon.com/hz/wishlist/genericItemsPage/1H5WHSCESYKE8



Like...
It should cost only a thou....


Do you have a thou jane?
I could really use a thou right now.
I truly could.

I have to go home.
These people have bacteria, and there are midgets.
Everyone is homosexual and trying to flirt with me. They are gross creepy bums who like mustard more than me.

Me?
I tried mustard once in the 2nd grade...
I hated it.
Then I fell in love with Mustard Gardettos but only if I could not get ahold of the original flavor of gardettos.



https://www.facebook.com/profile.php?id=100061737858030
https://twitter.com/john48966248?lang=en



Server side hackers have popped up and gangs have circled all my online accounts.
Even Tumblr too.

So those are the only links on the net that I currently have.
We need to sue england, everyone white, and Aaron Cohen.

Speaking of Aaron Cohen...
Can we have him killed and eaten?
I want my paliperidone to be made out of Jews now.



I need therapy.
I need a ride home.
I need to speak to my psychologist.

Please...
Gimme money to go home.
Otherwise I am on the West Coastline, and I will rise to political power....
Which NOBODY really wants.
Not even me.

I will stick to sales and inheritances and gunpowder....
The whole world is happier that way.
You know, when devils sit there happy and content knowing their place in society.



Speaking of Stock....
How much was purchased for me?
Who is in debt?
Who is still alive?
Buying that stock: will kill an American in a heartbeat.
