How much resource does Missy Missy California cooter-crew in California have?
I am stranded in Vancouver.
She knows WHICH Vancouver I am in.

I am next to Bolt Reality.
I understand many banks are open.
I understand that J.P. Morgan is not.
I understand that J.P. Morgan might not be willing to allow me to open an account or work with a resource accountant.
I understand that I must be human to bank with J.P. Morgan.
I have been identified as an A-Typical Class 4 Nuclear/Solar Mutant as well as developed through selective breeding.

So: under some national Litigation I am not to present myself as human.
Under American Litigation: I have freedom of speech. That means I can lawfully lie about it and get away with that.
Under American Litigation: the human standard usually adopted is of a nature promoted by nazis.
Under American Litigation: I can and may sit here all day calling myself human while denigrating and slave driving others who are mentally weak and who buy into that tribal bullshit.



Gina...
Are you trying to have me locked up?
Is this how my soul sold to you?
Is this how you are buying my baby batter to impregnate yourself?
Is this your "fuck you anurean I am busy"
Is this your big fat how to repay a favor?
Is this how you liberate myself and yourself from slavery?
Is this how we are just bringing home the bacon?


Im scared.
I have not only global attention but also the attention of too many investigators.
Like: persons somewhere somehow are dead.
Who in my immediate family is alive and who is dead?
I need a head count.
I need away from electricity. Someone electrocuted the very top of my head while I was sleeping.
I feel pain when I walk by electrical outlets.
It must be the fog and my arthritis.



I hate myself right now.
I do.
How much money does Gina need for gasoline/petrol?
Let's sit down and put together accounts...


and try to be happy with it.
Like money doesn't buy happiness.
Not mine anyway.


Money... buys only paraphernalia that leads to happiness.
My happiness...
Always starts with everything naughty that I am not to have.
Namely something with parts made by persons so small they cannot be seen.

My happiness...
Is Yan Yan.


You want to eat at Yan Yan after we get a resource account?
I want Diane Ma there too.
Oregon has Yan Yan.
I want Yan Yan instead of Panda Garden.
Both are good....
But Yan Yan is for people from my dimension and spectrum of perceptive realities and rhelms therein, and Panda Garden is from this dimension you live in.
https://www.yelp.ca/biz/yan-yan-chinese-food-restaurant-winnipeg
http://www.yanyanseafoodrestaurant.com/

YAN YAN, Earley - Restaurant Reviews, Photos & Phone Number - Tripadvisor


I suggest the Mixed Fried Rice.



I need to open a resource account.
I am thinking at Don's bank.
Which, there is a branch here.


Don...
Seems to be living in Portland or near while lying online about his whereabouts.
Either that: or it's an identical building.


The people feeding us all outside: where all sort of rapists and serial killers.
I sent video of a former person from Church in Colorado sodomizing a person known to be dead.
That person from Church... was feeding everyone in downtown Portland.


They slipped us Wolf Bites...
as in a Mohawk Bow Tie....

as in Sinew tied in a knot designed to choke and kill the consumer.
I was drinking a new energy drink that tasted like Marshmallow that was pass out to everyone.
The acid in it helped me cough it up.




I hope Don is alive.





=============================================


How much student debt is Kat and Chris in?
How much debt is the Zellner Estate in?
What is Megan Hamilton doing?






I said...
I want Yan Yan.
We move to San Francisco....
where we have Yan Yan



I refuse to not have a Lama or connection to Dalai.

This why I like Yan Yan.

I refuse to be in a space where my cards are stolen by dipshit midget christian white trash from Wichita or who are socially connected to that city.
I refuse....
To be nice.


HAIL SATAN.
I refuse...
To practice the same religion as these little fuck-tards near me who have all these gross microbes, fungus, and bacteria.





Gina....


Pick me up....
Let's have Yan Yan....

and we can see about getting some stock back in your pocket so that Tera isn't killed by the University System.




Why not teach a class on how to use a cellular phone....
and gyp the entire prison system?


Prison Inmates: LOVE pussy licking prostitutes and the Italian Mafia.
Not that you are the mafia or a pussy licking prostitute: you seem like a good kid to me....
You could cheat them all for their Gambino Accounts and neutralize their cellular phones which are all illegal anyway due to FCC regulations.

iPhones....
are like prison candy due to iTunes and how the consumer is forced to pay for their music.
Seriously Gina.

That is all just how Corporate Sony Korea and Japan exist to America.
When you find a prison system that is endowed with iPhones and such....
you are dealing with Japanese Communists and Imperialists as well as the Bank of the Orient and the State of California as well as Apple Inc.
Apple Inc. from my understanding is no longer a subsidiary of MacIntosh Farms or MacIntosh Electronics due to corporate war as well as Mohawk/Yakima massacres.


I might be wrong...
I do not know.



So why not put on a pretty top....
With a push up...

And teach a class in a gym full of guys who all have boners and who are starting to go gay or wherever.


Like teach the class shortly after a long prison churchy lecture as to how much sodomy (buttsex/cocksucking) is a crime.


I mean: prison inmates: they do collect a state check of 20 thousand dollars per year.
It gets spent only on electronics....

which in turn are used to sit there looking up fake lesbian pornography and such.
The kind of porno: with women who want to kill you.






Know you know....
Cuz you make real money and sometimes maybe do their job that they hate so much....
and you maybe get an actual pleasure.


















I refuse to be nice until I have a Yan Yan.
I refuse to be nice until I have audience with the Court of Dalai Lama again.
I refuse to be nice until I am reconnected to the Ocean of Wisdom again.




I understand you and Terra and Etta would lock me up if I where in California right now.
Under what law and litigation.



If there is so much as one canine or one rat in your state....
Your state is at trade restriction as well as needs a routine inspection from the Food and Drug Administration.


Dogs and Rats....
came off boats that where banned from commercial interprize with America.




Gwen....
Make someone take a white glove to California until everyone's dogs are in my Chow Mien. 
